# operating_platforms
The Gaming Room is a software development company whose most successful product is a gaming application "Draw It or Lose It". The application was initially developed for Android platform, and as it is gaining significant popularity, the Gaming Room wants to create a verion of the game which would be accessible from the major operating systems running on desktops/laptops, as well as from iOS devices.
In order to understand an outline for the future work, I've created the Software Design document, describing the most crucial aspects of the application. 
The document is crucial for understanding a general plan of working with the application development. The most helpful part of the document for coding as such was the UML diagram of a part of the application. However, all the parts of the document are crucial for further development, as it describes all the aspects of application - DevOps, back-end, front-end, etc.
The part of the document that, in my opinion, needs revision, is comparison of development specifics depending on the operating system. I believe, if I had more imput from the client (for example, regarding the initial desired scale of application, their budget and deadlines) I could have provided more precise evaluation in terms of costs required. 
Iterative approach helped me in creating the Software Design document. It was difficult to start, so I decided to begin with very general outline. Then I investigated each aspect of the outline, making myself to write at least something each day on any of them. Then, via iterative revisions, I've managed to come to the version of the document that looked satisfactory to me. I think, this approach is quite helpful, as it is easier to add to/to revise something that already exists than to work from scretch to the final version in one iteration. 
